Add implementation considerations to handle different PMTU sizes (#105)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

> TDB
> 
> ## Handling different PMTU sizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Handling different PMTU sizes
```

An implementation should take care to handle different PMTU sizes across
multiple paths. One simple option is to apply the minimum PMTU of all paths to
each path. The benefit of such an approach is to simplify retransmission

> processing as a lost packet on one path can be immediately sent on another path
> without the need of changing its payload size.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
processing as the content of lost packets initially sent on one path can be sent
on another path without further frame scheduling adaptations.
```
